Listing_Id,R1,R2,R3,R4,R5,URL,image
7441144,Pretty nice quiet cozy place to stay. Toiletries snacks coffee WiFi cable TV iron was all included. One of the best things for me is how quiet it was even in the daytime. Coded door locks so no need for keys my belongings were always safe and Andre and his wife are really good host. I stayed 7 days and never had a problem. I'll stay again if and when I had the chance.,Nice and easy stay - with good accommodations especially the cable TV ,It's a great quiet stay.,The host has been very accommodating and helpful. The description in the ad is accurate. The room is very clean and the neighborhood is quiet.,The host was extremely welcoming and obliging. The neighborhood is quiet and charming perfect for a quiet visit. Short walk to MBTA transportation.,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7441144?location=Boston%2C%20MA,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/94375093/0b426e4f_original.jpg?aki_policy=xx_large
12233830,Estee is the perfect host; she has thought of everything from extra amenities to great restaurant / tourism suggestions. I truly could not have expected anything more from our stay at her place! Everything is newly renovated and was spotlessly clean. Great kitchen and bathroom. The bedrooms worked perfectly for what we needed. I thought I might attempt to do a load of laundry but the W/D is down a rather treacherous flight of narrowing stairs in a dirt-floor sub-basement which is shared with the downstairs neighbors who had left their belongings in the machine anyways. This is of course completely out of Estee's control but I just wanted to add this info to the public review for anyone who might be curious about the laundry situation. I also think it's important to know that it's a great location as far as accessibility to all of the amazing restaurants Allston has to offer and being so close to Walgreens and Stop n' Shop is a major plus. However this particular street seemed to have a few sketchy tenants at the other end and I would not recommend women or children walking alone at any time of day. Once inside the apartment felt extremely safe & secure. I highly recommend Estee's place and am so grateful to her for the care she put into making our stay a perfect one!,Estee was the epitome of a great hostess and we loved her place. She was in touch with us multiple times before our last minute stay which she accommodated upon request and she checked-in often. The house was spotless. Estee left us wine chocolates a kitchen that had everything I could have asked for including many more snacks k-cups and teas than four of us could consume and a bathroom with just as much. Special thanks for the playing cards popcorn and Netflix. She checked in about the unit temperature a few times even though I kept telling her everything was great. We were able to stock up at the grocery store around the corner walk to the T in about 10 minutes and also rent a Hubway bicycle right next to the apartment which was great! The area is bustling as I expected and wanted for staying in the city but the house was quiet and a private oasis on the inside. I really appreciated all the unexpected special touches. I have family I often visit in the Boston area and Estee's place will be my go-to from now on. ,"We visited from Australia for a conference. There were 3 of us with another 1 staying for some of the time. We were very comfortable there even when the 4th was sleeping in the lounge room. From the beginning Estee was very accomodating with our late arrival and check out times. On our final day Estee even took us out for dinner and drove us to the airport! She was also readily available on (SENSITIVE CONTENTS HIDDEN) and consistently took the time to check in with us and make sure we were happy.  The apartment itself is spacious with lovely rooms and and a comfy shared space. There's also heaps of storage space. The area has lots of nice places to eat in very short walking distance and the Walgreens on the corner is great for essentials. There's even a basketball court around the corner which we loved. Great stay - would definitely revisit if we come back to Boston!",Estee is a great hostess and extremely supportive and responsive.  We really enjoyed our visit and would definitely return and recommend her place to others.  The apartment is very well furnished and well located close to many parts of town. Estee is also perhaps the most responsive AirBnB host we have had. When we had small a problem or question I texted her and she responded almost immediately.  And she was always very nice and positive.  Her welcome bottle of wine and chocolate we also very nice and we could use whatever was in the kitchen which was quite a bit if you come with nothing!  I highly recommend her and would go back to her place. Thanks Estee! ,Estee's place was perfect for us. We live in Boston but my family came to visit and we ended up hanging out at Estee's place instead of mine! The house was really clean and cool and Estee was in touch daily to make sure we were happy with everything. She left wine and the kitchen had way more than we expected. We parked the car right outside the house and walked about 10 minutes to the T whenever we wanted to go downtown. The house is right next to a bus stop as well and a bike rental rack (Hubway). We went to a few of the places Estee recommended and they were all awesome- Fugakyu and Barcelona in particular. All in all Estee was a thorough caring and sweet hostess and we look forward to booking her place again.,https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/12233830?location=Boston%2C%20MA,https://a0.muscache.com/im/pictures/e66d25ba-0d59-47f1-a5ce-375fb23253da.jpg?aki_policy=xx_large
